Pre-release (#37)
victoriyaforsythe/PyIRTAM: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file. This project
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

## 0.0.7 (11-20-2025)
* The EDP construction is unified with PyIRI.

> * Min Python version is increased to 3.10 for PyIRI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Minimum Python version is increased to 3.10 for PyIRI
* Updated NEP 29 testing specifications
```
